Support updating accounts in web-client insertAccountRecord (#1274)
0xMiden/miden-client: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.11.4

* Added a mutable getter for `TransactionRequest`'s advice map ([#1254](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/1254)).

> * Web Client `insertAccountRecord` supports updating existing accounts ([#1274](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/1274))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Changed `insertAccountRecord` in the WebClient to support updating existing accounts ([#1274](https://github.com/0xMiden/miden-client/pull/1274))
```
